[ann]
And we're back with
the national tournament
finals.
After the first 60 minutes
ended with a tied match,
the executives decided
to have extra time.
This means two half times
of 10 minutes each.
If a tie happens,
both teams
will be crowned
tournament champions.
Despite his injuries,
Nankatsu's captain,
Tsubasa Ozora,
will stay on the pitch.
And the white team
is going to start
with the kick-off.
[Tsubasa]
I relied way too much
on my Drive Shot
to win this.
I didn't think I could
score on Toho otherwise.
In a way, I'm still
depending on Roberto.
And not just on him,
but Misaki, Wakabayashi,
Ishizaki...
On the whole team...
-Go, Team!
-[Tsubasa] On Sanae...
You guys can do it!
-Hooray! Hooray!
-Let's win now.
-[Tsubasa] Everyone's backed
me up until now...
but after this...
I'll have to
fend for myself.
When I play in Brazil.
Alone.
Dear friends,
I appreciate you
from the bottom of my heart
for going with me
on this journey.
[whistle]
I am Tsubasa Ozora,
and my last goal in Japan
is my farewell present!
-[narr] Episode 51:
-[ann] Welcome back!
[narr]
Miracle Drive Shot!
[ann] This is the first half
of the extra time
and Tsubasa has the ball.
Tsubasa can't move
as fast anymore, Koike.
It'll be a breeze
to take the ball.
-[grunt]
-Huh?
-Impossible!
He fooled them so easily.
Incredible. He still has
the energy to play.
-We'll teach you!
-We'll show you!
-[grunt]
-[ann] Tsubasa evades
those sliding tackles
- with a jump.
-[gasps]
Tsubasa!
Tsubasa, what are you
made out of?
How can you keep running
like that
with your injuries,
young man?
-[Takeshi] Tsubasa!
-Huh?
I'm going to steal the ball.
-[eagle screech]
-[Takeshi] [yell]
[ann]
Sawada slides,
but Tsubasa protects
the ball with both feet.
[grunt]
This ball belongs to me.
It's mine and no one else's.
Quickly, don't let him
get any closer.
[grunt]
Not again.
I feel as if...
as if my body
was weakening...
No...
I can't give up now.
I have to score.
Everyone's counting on me.
[yell]
-[gasp]
-[ann] And Tsubasa
keeps fooling
Toho's defense.
-Tsubasa!
-[gasp]
You can do it!
[pant]
Tsubasa...
before you joined
Team Nankatsu...
the ball was
the only friend you had.
You surprised Wakabayashi
and outran all of team
Shutetsu without any help.
But you're not alone
anymore, my friend.
Tsubasa!
That's as far as you get.
-[gasps]
-[ann] In spite of
his injuries,
Tsubasa demonstrates
his prowess on the pitch.
An absolute genius,
a prodigy of soccer
like no one's seen before.
Without a doubt,
Tsubasa Ozora is
Japanese soccer's promise.
Toho's defense
simply can't stop him.
-[cheering]
-Come on, guys!
I have...
I have to shoot.
I'm going to score
with this shot.
[yelling]
[ann]
But Hyuga the Tiger
runs to face him head on,
and defend his goal.
Tsubasa, what're you
waiting for?
-Fight me head on.
-[grunt]
[ann] Tsubasa winds up
to shoot.
Will Hyuga be able to
- stop the shot on time?
-[tiger growl]
Get a load of this!
Sliding Tiger Shot!
[ann] Hyuga reacts
a tenth of a second faster
- and the ball is
-[yelling]
sent out flying.
-[grunt]
-Impossible!
[Ryo]
Tsubasa...
[groan]
-[groaning]
-Ishizaki...
[groan]
Don't you forget it.
All of us...
Everyone is your friend now!
-And we're by your side!
[gasp]
That's right, Captain.
You're not alone.
We'll always back you up.
Right now, and always!
Ishizaki...
My friends...
Thank you...
Honestly...
[grunt]
I won't dare waste...
your gift.
[grunt]
Tsubasa!
My friends have always
been there for me
no matter what happens.
Now I know...
that even if I'm far,
they will be with me.
Do it, Tsubasa!
Score a goal!
All of my friends
have helped me
every step of the way.
[ann] Look at this!
Tsubasa's winding up
for what looks to be
the last shot.
What's the hold up, Tsubasa?
That's not what Tsubasa's
Drive Shot
normally looks like.
This will be
my last shot in Japan.
[eagle screech]
I will make this
a parting gift...
a parting goal!
It won't go in!
You won't fool me this time.
Huh?
[ann] The ball dives down
and bounces.
[gasp]
-[cheering]
-[ann] The...
The ball hits the net!
Nankatsu is now ahead
in the match 4 to 3.
They're a step away
from being champions.
[gasp]
I did it.
I scored a goal, guys!
-[cheering]
-You did it, Tsubasa.
[ann] With this goal,
Nankatsu is an inch away
from being crowned
the champions.
This is the first time
Nankatsu
carries the lead
in the match.
[growl]
[ann] It was
a spectacular shot.
The ball flew diagonally,
changing its direction
the moment it made contact
with the turf,
to then going directly
towards the goal.
-[cheering]
[ann] This is
- without a doubt a variant
-We knew you could do it!
- of his normal Drive Shot.
-Amazing!
That's what I call
- a Miracle Drive Shot,
-Tsubasa scored a goal!
ladies and gentlemen.
- How exciting!
-[grunt]
Despite his injuries,
Tsubasa scores
his fourth goal of the match
with a spectacular shot.
There's no doubt that
this young man
is truly a gift
for Japanese soccer.
-[laugh]
-You did it, Tsubasa.
We finally got a hold of
the lead.
And we're a step away...
from finally achieving...
our team's dream...
Ishizaki.
[gasp]
Tsubasa?
-Tsubasa!
Tsubasa!
-Say something!
-Captain!
-Tsubasa!
-Wake up, man!
[groan]
[groaning]
Oh, that's great news.
He's waking up.
Tsubasa, how're you feeling?
Where am I?
In the infirmary.
[gasp]
What about the match?
What happened?
I have to go back--
[groaning]
-Tsubasa!
-You need more rest.
Please, calm down,
young man.
The match hasn't ended
just yet.
[gasp]
So I guess I...
I fainted again, didn't I?
Yes.
But you did give us
the lead in the match
with your last shot.
Yeah.
That was a really
amazing shot.
Ah...
[grunt]
-Huh?
-Where are you going?
[cheerleader]
Let's go, Toho!
Let's win this match!
Sorimachi!
[yell]
[grunt]
[ann] And all of Nankatsu's
defending desperately
- in their captain's absence.
-[panting]
[Takeru]
Big Brother, why are you
staring into space?
What're you waiting for?
You have to score a goal.
[Ms. Hyuga]
Oh, Son...
Everyone...
[Tsubasa]
Hey, head coach...
-Huh?
Is this the first half
of the extra time
or the second?
[Furuoya]
The first one.
Please, Head Coach,
let me play again.
Forgive me, but I can't,
Tsubasa.
But why?
Why can't I play, sir?
Just let me.
Don't you worry, Tsubasa.
Nobody took your spot.
Everyone else...
is defending the goal
right now.
[Ryo] Tsubasa collapsed
again, guys.
And it's our fault
for letting him
bear that burden.
It doesn't matter
if Tsubasa doesn't
come back again.
We have to defend,
you hear me?
He handed us this advantage.
Don't worry about us,
Head Coach.
Everyone, will defend
until he comes.
Please, Head Coach.
Don't sub him out!
-Thanks to them, our coach
-Please, sir! We need him!
didn't substitute you.
Seriously?
That exactly right,
but I won't allow you
to be so careless.
Huh?
[Furuoya]
In the second half, Yamamori
-will take your spot.
-[grunting]
Don't forget the agreement
we had.
One more fall
and we'll take you out of
the match, all right?
But doctor it's just that--
There's no more buts!
Why are you so stubborn,
Tsubasa?
Listen to me,
the third championship
is just a silly whim.
Your true dream
is to go to Brazil
and be the best
in the world.
[gasp]
[reac] Yeah, and to achieve
that dream...
First, I have to win
this match, or else...
I won't feel like
I deserve it.
-Hmm...
-Huh?
[Tsubasa] I have
a commitment to everyone
in the team.
I don't care if I risk
my professional career.
Please, understand me.
For me to go to Brazil,
I have to win here and now.
I can't be the best player
in the world
if I don't win
this match first.
I'm going to win,
even if it's the last thing
I ever get to do.
Please, let Tsubasa play.
-Huh?
It doesn't matter
if he wins or loses.
For Tsubasa,
what's important
is to play this match
until the end.
I'm begging you.
Don't deny him
this opportunity.
Sanae...
[grunting]
-Don't dream of it.
-[grunt]
[grunt]
[panting]
[Tsubasa]
Great sliding tackle,
-Ishizaki.
-Huh?
You defended like
true champions.
Everybody, hear this.
They're letting me play.
Tsubasa.
-[laugh]
-Captain!
Tsubasa!
[ann]
This is incredible.
Despite his injuries,
- Nankatsu's number 10
-We need you back!
- is back
-That's it, Tsubasa!
- on the pitch.
-You show 'em!
[ann] Now the ball's in
Kojiro Hyuga's possession.
Stop him. Don't let him
shoot his Tiger Shot.
[gasps]
[gasp]
I'm coming, Hyuga.
I'll be here waiting.
[narr] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narr]
And we're back.
Hyuga...
Hyuga kicked it off bounds
so Tsubasa could come in.
[ann] Nankatsu's captain
comes back to the pitch.
-[Masao] Tsubasa...
-[Kazuo] Tsubasa...
Great, Tsubasa.
I knew you'd come back.
Now Nankatsu's
complete again.
-Tsubasa! Tsubasa!
-Tsubasa!
[ann] And the stadium
- receives Tsubasa
-Tsubasa!
- with a chant.
-Tsubasa! Tsubasa!
-We have to back up Hyuga!
-Tsubasa!
-Tsubasa! Tsubasa!
-Hyuga! Hyuga!
Okay, here I am, Hyuga.
[Kojiro] Let's finish
this duel once and for all.
[Tsubasa] We'll give it
our all until the end.
[Kojiro]
Until the very last moment.
[whistle]
[ann] Tsubasa will
take the throw-in.
[Kojiro] [grunt]
Tsubasa.
-What was that?
-Huh?
[ann] Tsubasa passed
Hyuga the ball!
Is he actually thinking
of facing him head on?
[Tsubasa] You'd better
be ready, Hyuga.
Tsubasa...
[Kojiro] Are you seriously
going to face me?
In your condition?
[grunt]
[yell]
-Tsubasa!
Pay attention, Toho.
I want all of you
to attack right now.
-Yeah!
-[panting]
-[ann] Tsubasa couldn't
handle Hyuga,
and now all of Toho
- is switching to offense.
-[tiger growl]
Get the ball from him
and now.
-Yeah!
Darn it all...
You think you won this,
don't you?
[grunt]
This is still...
not over yet.
[grunts]
[ann] This is
an unprecedented match.
[grunt]
[ann] And the ball
miraculously returns
to Tsubasa.
Take this!
We've got you now!
[gasp]
[grunt]
[ann] Tsubasa's
sent flying.
Pick on someone
your own size.
-[scream]
-[grunt]
[ann] Ishizaki recovers
the ball.
And by sheer coincidence,
the ball goes back
to Tsubasa.
Nankatsu's captain
is shaken up,
but makes an effort
to maintain his balance
- and control the ball.
-[grunt]
[Tsubasa]
Here I go.
Nankatsu
for the third championship!
-Yeah!
Come here, Tsubasa!
Tsubasa maintains
his leadership
despite his physical
condition.
There's no doubt,
that's exactly why
you're Nankatsu's captain.
[panting]
[gasps]
What're you doing?
Stop him right now!
Don't just stay there
standing.
Go after him!
What're you waiting for?
Crush him this instant.
-Yeah! Yeah!
We'll show you how
Toho Academy really defends.
Tsubasa, be careful!
[Tsubasa]
[grunt]
[ann] Tsubasa makes
a miraculous pass
just before they can
steal the ball from him.
[grunts]
Tsubasa reeled in
the defense
so we could advance freely.
[grunt]
We can't let
this opportunity
-go to waste, everyone.
-No!
We'll protect Wakashimazu.
I'd love to see that!
[grunt]
[ann] Nankatsu
makes headway
with a series of passes.
Now's our time to shine,
Takasugi.
-We have to attack.
-Yeah!
- I won't let you through.
-[gasp]
-[grunt]
-[ann] Sawada rejects
the ball.
- But Ishizaki receives it,
-[grunt]
anticipating the move.
[Ryo]
Good, it's my turn.
-[Tsubasa] Ishizaki,
-[growl]
-be careful!
-Huh?
Behind you!
-[yell]
-[tiger growl]
[grunt]
[yell]
[ann] Ishizaki feels
the threat and passes it.
-[scream]
-[grunt]
I'll kick it towards
the right side.
[Mamoru]
Here!
[yell]
[ann] Izawa takes a shot
outside the danger zone
and the ball spins
towards the right side.
[yell]
[groan]
If I don't win
the tournament, Dad,
I'll quit soccer.
I'll stop this shot,
for my honor and my pride!
[ann] The goalkeeper
has it,
despite
the difficult angle.
- The keeper Wakashimazu's
-[grunt]
able to stop it
with one hand.
No, it's impossible.
[ann] With this,
Wakashimazu reminds Nankatsu
that they're still
in the game.
[gasps]
I thought that his arm
was still injured.
I'll fulfill my promise,
Dad.
[whistle]
[ann]
And the referee whistles
- the end of the first half
-[groaning]
of extra time.
[panting]
-Huh?
[gasps]
Tsubasa, are you okay?
-Come on, Captain!
-Tsubasa, are you okay?
[panting]
-Uhh...
Everyone...
What do you need, Tsubasa?
I, want to, play with you.
Until the...very end.
-What?
But they will not...
allow me to play
like I always have.
I'm sorry.
If I'm a burden
to everybody...
you need to switch me out.
-[gasps]
-Tsubasa...
If you would rather...
me not play
with you guys anymore.
I will respect
your decision.
-Uhh...
-We want you to stay here.
-[laugh]
Huh?
-[laughs]
-This amazing adventure
started with us as a team.
So right now, we have to
finish this journey
as a team.
Are you serious?
So that means, you guys
want me to keep playing?
Do you wanna know why?
-Because you are
-our captain!
[Tsubasa]
My brothers...
[Takeru]
Hey, Mom...
How come when
Tsubasa wasn't on the pitch,
my bro didn't want to shoot,
not even once?
Why's that?
You know how
your older brother is.
The only thing
he wants in life
is to face off against
Tsubasa until the end.
I think, it's dangerous
for him to play like that.
-But everyone here knows
-Huh?
that Tsubasa
is never giving up.
That's right.
He plans to play
until the last minute
without a worry.
[Koji]
Just a one goal advantage.
If they defend well,
we'll win the tournament.
[grunt]
Hyuga can turn
the scoreboard around, guys.
Don't you all worry.
I thought Toho Academy could
win on all three levels:
middle school, high school
and university.
But that might not happen.
Toho Academy...
has demonstrated to have
great fighting spirit.
Surpassing their reputation.
Uh...
You know
the tournament's results
don't matter to me anymore.
And I'm very proud of
all of our students.
[narr]
Team Nankatsu...
[Furuoya]
It's time now.
I want you guys
to give it all out there.
Mhm.
It was an honor
to have been your coach,
guys.
Play with your all,
and don't you get cocky.
-Yeah!
[Kitazume]
Hyuga.
Huh?
I want you to play to
your hearts' content.
Everyone is counting on you.
Ah...
Captain...
Yes, sir!
-[cheering]
-[ann] The last ten minutes
of the match
are about to begin.
Let's go, Hyuga!
Let's win this!
[ann] And it's Toho's
turn to get the kick-off.
[gasp]
Is he defending?
But why is that?
Hold on,
if I'm correct,
the last time Tsubasa
played as a defender
was in the match
against Shutetsu.
Hyuga...
I'll wait for you to shoot
to counterattack.
I don't understand.
What's he scheming?
Sounds good to me, Tsubasa.
If that's how
you want to play,
that's fine by me.
[whistle]
[ann] Hyuga the Tiger
immediately
- winds up to shoot.
-[grunt]
-He's going to shoot
-his Tiger Shot!
-[tiger growl]
-[grunt]
Quickly, Taki,
we have to prevent him
from kicking the ball.
[yells]
-What in the--?
-[grunt]
-[Hajime] It can't be.
It was a feint.
You better be ready,
Tsubasa.
Here comes the tie.
Take this!
My Tiger Shot!
[grunt]
I will not lose.
You have to stop it.
Stop it, Tsubasa.
Because you are
Nankatsu's captain.
[ann] And Tsubasa
stops the Tiger Shot!
Tsubasa!
[grunt]
[groan]
Tsubasa, no!
[Kojiro]
Tsubasa, in all honesty...
you're admirable.
But I won't give up!
-Are you okay, Tsubasa?
- I don't care that
you're injured.
I'm finally
going to finish you
once and for all, Tsubasa
[yells]
[grunt]
[groans]
What?
We'll protect you.
They won't get through us.
We'll help you, Tsubasa.
[groans]
You idiots!
-Now everyone attack!
-[yells]
We have to give Tsubasa
enough time
to recover, guys!
-We won't let you through!
-[yells]
We won't let you
score another goal!
[ann] Both teams are
fighting over the ball.
No one is
willing to budge.
It's mine!
[ann]
This is incredible.
The keeper Wakashimazu
has the ball.
Captain!
[grunt]
You have to score a goal!
Only you can bring Toho
to victory, Captain.
Wakashimazu...
[yell]
Everyone, attack!
-Yeah!
Tsubasa, say something.
You have to wake up.
The ball is your friend,
remember?
You yourself taught me that.
Please, wake up.
Wake up, Captain.
We'll be defending the goal.
The two of us.
[grunt]
Morisaki...
The captain trusts in
my play to support him.
It's yours, Captain.
-He's gonna shoot!
-We have to prevent that!
Don't let him shoot.
If you overuse
your Tiger Shot,
it'll be counterproductive
in the end, Hyuga.
[Mr. Kira]
Don't lose your cool.
Be careful, Kojiro.
[Kojiro] If we win
the championship...
I'll show everyone
I'm better than Tsubasa.
-[grunt]
-What?
Hyuga!
Well done, Kojiro!
[ann] Sorimachi receives
the ball wide open.
This is the opportunity
Toho needs.
[grunt]
[yell]
[ann] And there's
the keeper, everyone.
I stopped it, Tsubasa.
-[ann] But the ball is in
-[gasp]
possession of
the forward Sawada.
This can't be happening.
It's mine!
[ann] Tsubasa stops
the ball with his face.
What a way to put
his body on the line,
literally.
[Tsubasa]
The ball is my friend.
I don't have to fear it.
[Kojiro]
No, but why?
Why can't I just beat him
already?
Tsubasa, be careful.
That's enough.
I can't bear to
keep watching.
Calm down.
Hyuga, I'm begging you,
don't hurt Tsubasa anymore.
He can't stand on two feet,
yet he's still hanging in,
fighting.
Where's he drawing
the will to play from?
Is it a dream?
A promise?
I don't understand why.
Why can't I beat Tsubasa?